Newfeature/pull requests (#25)
dfe-analytical-services/git-academy: glossary.qmd

Cloning a repository is the process of creating a copy of a repository folder system on your local working environment (e.g. your laptop computer).

## Pull

> Pulling updates your current local working branch with any changes from the remote branch. You should pull every day that you interact with a repository, at the minimum. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Performing a "pull" updates your current local working branch with any changes from the remote branch. If you're working with other people on a project, you should pull every day that you interact with a repository, at the minimum.
```
